# Introduction

Projects in superconducting magnet R&D for accelerators are intrinsically multi-stage, iterative processes involving various disciplines, changing teams of experts, and software tools that are subject to updates or replacement. With project durations from several years to several decades, a consistent, sustainable, and reproducible organization of numerical models, construction- and validation data, and tools used in the process, is of the essence. With this project we intend to solve the problem of sustainability and consistency in tool- and model development, while fostering innovation by ensuring maximum flexibility and cooperation for participating institutes. 

We propose to make innovative use of widely available infrastructure for software development such as GitLab. Such a modern infrastructure enhances a standard version control repository with mechanisms for continuous integration and delivery (also referred to as CI&CD pipelines) and collaboration (bug trackers, wikis, etc). Parametric notebooks encode and document individual design and analysis steps. Pipelines constitute concatenations of design steps, where the output of one step serves as input in the next. Pipelines are auto-executed regularly and in case of design changes to ensure their unbroken consistency. Versioning and branching allow to efficiently keep track of models, for example, of a baseline design in a master branch, and as-built versions (labelled with tags). 

Every pipeline and notebook execution generates and stores an execution report, summarizing input and figures of merit while meticulously and automatically documenting the version numbers of notebooks, tools, and models used in their execution. This way full reproducibility of results is ensured for as long as a particular tool version is in operation, and changes in the result are caught at the earliest possible moment and can be fixed for a new version.

When the design workflow is broken down into individual, compact notebooks, possibly equipped with dedicated GUIs for convenience, the amount of code to be written and maintained for each step is equally limited. We start from consistent naming convention for parameters, using object-orientation, to organize input parameters, including material data, with an inheritance structure, enabling the reuse of common parameters and their natural extension by each consecutive notebook. This allows to guarantee the use of the same magnet parameters and material properties across the entire pipeline. 
